Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-metcs526-module-3-arithmetic-expression-of-the-tree
<br>
<strong>Problem 1 </strong>. Consider the following binary tree that stores an arithmetic expression.

Write the arithmetic expression of the tree and show the value of the expression. When you write the expression, make sure that you use parentheses in your expression correctly.

<strong>Problem 2 .</strong> Draw the arithmetic expression tree that stores the following expression:

((16 / (10 – (2 * 3))) – (2 * (7 – 2)))

For Problem 3, Problem 4, and Problem 5, use the following tree, which stores characters:

<strong>Problem 3 </strong>. Show the sequence of nodes (characters) generated by preorder tree traversal.

<strong>Problem 4. </strong>Show the sequence of nodes (characters) generated by postorder tree traversal.

<strong>Problem 5 . </strong>Show the sequence of nodes (characters) generated by breadth-first tree traversal.

<strong>Problem 6 </strong> Consider the following binary tree:

Show the sequence of nodes (characters) generated by inorder tree traversal.

<strong>Problem 7  </strong>This problem is a programming problem.




Write a <strong><em>recursive </em></strong>method named <em>makeBinaryTree</em> within the <em>IntBST</em> class, which is posted on Blackboard.

The <em>IntBST</em> class implements a binary search tree that stores integers. The <em>IntBST</em> class inherits from many other classes and interfaces. All these classes and interfaces, including the <em>IntBST</em> class itself, are included in the package <em>nodeTrees</em>. You need all files in the package for this problem.




The <em>makeBinaryTree</em> method must satisfy the following requirements:




<ul>

 <li>The signature must be</li>

</ul>




public static IntBST makeBinaryTree(int[] a)

You must not change the signature. But, you may write additional method(s) within <em>IntBST</em> class if needed.




<ul>

 <li>This method receives an array of integers with size <em>n</em> = 2<em><sup>k</sup></em> – 1, <em>k</em> &gt;= 1. So, <em>n</em> = 1, 3, 7, 15, and so on. The integers in the array are sorted in non-decreasing order.</li>

 <li>This method then builds a “complete” binary search tree that contains all integers in the array, and print it on the screen (see examples below). You must also print the size and the height of the tree. Here, a <em>complete binary tree</em> is a binary tree where all leaf nodes have the same depth and all internal nodes have 2 children. (this definition is slightly different from the definition in the book).</li>

 <li>A tree must be built <strong>recursively</strong>.</li>

</ul>




After implementing the method within <em>IntBST</em>, use the provided <em>Hw3_P7.java</em> program to test your method.




If you run the program with the following array (<em>a</em>4 in the main method):




{10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, 110, 120, 130, 140, 150}




Your output must be:




Tree size: 15

Tree height: 3




|‐‐ 150               |‐‐ 140

|‐‐ 130

|‐‐ 120

|‐‐ 110

|‐‐ 100

|‐‐ 90

|‐‐ 80

|‐‐ 70

|‐‐ 60

|‐‐ 50

|‐‐ 40

|‐‐ 30

|‐‐ 20

|‐‐ 10




Note that the tree is printed horizontally.

<strong> </strong>

Do not change any other methods in the <em>IntBST</em> class and any other files in the <em>nodeTrees</em> package. However, you may override a method in a superclass of <em>IntBST</em> and redefine the method within <em>IntBST</em>, if needed.




<strong><em>Hint</em></strong>: High-level description of one possible implementation:

<ul>

 <li>Split the given array into three parts – <em>leftSubarray</em>, “middle node”, and <em>rightSubarray</em>.  Build a binary tree from each subarray. In other words, build <em>leftSubtree</em> from <em>leftSubarray</em> and build <em>rightSubtree</em> from <em>rightSubarray</em>. When you build each subtree, you do it recursively by invoking itself.</li>

 <li>Combine <em>leftSubtree</em>, “middle node,” and <em>rightSubtree </em>to make a binary tree. You need to figure out how to implement this. You may have to study other programs in the <em>nodeTrees</em></li>

</ul>